---
name: Gaurav Sansanwal
job_title: Associate Fellow, Chair in U.S.-India Policy Studies
image: /uploads/5sansanwal.jpg
current_staff: true
---
Gaurav Sansanwal is an associate fellow for the India Chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) in Washington, D.C. In this role, he supports the Chair’s commercial and economic engagement with stakeholders in United States and India, particularly at the subnational level. Mr. Sansanwal’s workstream includes leading legal and regulatory review of policies and programs, and thereby facilitating U.S.-India collaboration in programmatic areas such as electric mobility, energy efficiency, decarbonization, and adoption of renewable energy. Additionally, Mr. Sansanwal continues to build on his research interests in policy areas such as supply chain diversification, digital trade, industrial policy, emerging technologies, and associated regulatory reforms. Mr. Sansanwal has worked as a commercial lawyer in India for around four years. His legal and regulatory experience involved advising public and private sector clients from industries including infrastructure, technology and telecommunications, energy, and financial services. Previously, Mr. Sansanwal has also held policy roles at the World Bank, Asia Society Policy Institute, and Dentons Global Advisors-Albright Stonebridge Group. Mr. Sansanwal holds a MS from the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University, where he specialized in Global Business and Finance. Prior to Georgetown, Mr. Sansanwal completed his LLB from Faculty of Law, University of Delhi, and BA with honors in political science from Hindu College, University of Delhi.
